Nothing will be deleted, instead any file to be deleted will go in a temp folder inside the project for human review as a safety measure.
Make full use of agents.
The project is about RSS.
rss.txt contains the only list of RSS to consider, borked stuff contains a semi functional comic downloader for reference only (mostly the parts isolating the correct image).
So the idea is to make a script that will check the RSS feeds and process them. First of all it will make a new folder in the execution directory, and name it with the current date, all processed (and if needed temporary) files will go in there. The check needs to be resistant to unresponsive sites (threaded? so each RSS can be checked without slowing the others?) and then the feeds are going to be processed, again without waiting for them all to be done. The news articles (after filtering and extracting the text!) will be handled by Ollama that will make summaries of each one. The webcomics are to be downloaded. Once everything is ready, a webpage will be made with the titles for all articles/comics, the articles will get a title generated by Ollama based on the summary, upon clicking a title, the summary will appear (css? no idea, but same page) with a link to the full article at the end. Webcomics will just be shown with the locally downloaded images, but clicking on them will open the actual page.
Likely hiccups, and important informations: articles under the name Francesca Testa are clickbait, Ollama will need to be prompted about that and to make the summary/title combo in a sensible way. Oglaf has an image starting with "tt" and that's just the title, NOT the comic itself, also it might be a multi page comic... there might be a better way to do this (open to suggestions) but in the feed there's an image starting with "arc" that a vision model in Ollama could read, as it mentions the number of pages, and the results could be used as needed. Speaking of Ollama, the vision model can be used during the coding phase to check if the current image is the correct one or some random bits of the website. Penny Arcade splits the comic in multiple panels. Before doing anything, let me know if you see any improvements or obvious issues with this plan, also the summary/title part of this? I need it available as a separate script too, made in a way to allow me to give it an url and test Ollama's model ability to make a good work. I need to balance resource usage and functionality. Speaking of, I would put the Ollama models in a constant at the beginning, so that it's easy to change as newer models are released.
